{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 https://dailyhodl.com/2024/01/20/crypto-exchange-giant-htx-hit-with-ddos-attack-justin-sun-says-user-funds-are-safe/\
\
https://www.financemagnates.com/cryptocurrency/huobi-globals-htx-hit-by-79-million-crypto-heist-offers-hacker-white-hat-deal/\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Hello today we will be discussing two cybersecurity attacks that happened recently reported by the websites provided above the first one has to do with a DDOS attack. This is is when a website is targeted and attack by overwhelming it with a lot of traffic using botnets which are a bunch of servers or computer usually scattered around controllers by a bot master to create this traffic. This causes slow-downs or can cause user to not have access to part or the whole website. The company we are going to talk about is HTX. They are a crypto exchange company. This company already has a decent amount of traffic due to crypto always constantly changing people are buying and selling at any point. So this attack possibly did affect people is they were trying to sell or buy. Because this attack does attack the users data the company does deny this happening. But many users did see this website experience this for a short moment and their money and data was safe. This company can place a queue for entering their page to limit the amount of people that can enter or even place measure like that test to see if you are human before entering the page when a certain amount of traffic has been used.\
\
For the second attack we will talk about the same company that also got attacked before the attack I listed above. This attack was a cryptographic attack. This is an attack at compromises the security of a cryptographic  system. The hacker was able to take 5K $ETH with is around $7.9 million. That is a lot of money and they did specify that the company replaced the money and is offering a 5% \'93white-hat bonus\'94 for the return of the money if the hacker returns it. There are many different cryptographic attacks from brute-force, cipher text-only, chosen plaintext and more so that fact that they didn\'92t specify what kind of attack was it make it hard to think of ways they could have prevented this. 
\f1\fs64 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
}